WF-539: changelog for project structure change (#18)
spatialos/FlexibleProjectExample: docs/changelog.md

# Changelog

* **18 Feb 2019:**

>   * Added a `build.sh` script to each worker so that it is possible to build a single worker with the script.

Reviewer: Does "each worker" mean "each worker configuration file", or does it refer to something else?
```suggestion
  * Added a `build.sh` script to each worker so that it is possible to build a single worker instance with the script.
```

Reviewer: Ah, should this say "build-project.sh" instead of "build.sh"? And should it mention the folder (`SpatialOS/scripts/`) like the next few bullet points do? (Or is this something different?)

>   * Added a `download_dependencies.sh` script to `SpatialOS/scripts/` for downloading schema compiler, standard library schemas and SDKs. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Added a `download_dependencies.sh` script to `SpatialOS/scripts/` for downloading the schema compiler, the standard schema library, and the worker SDK in C# for MacOS, Windows, and Linux.
```

  * Added a `generate-schema-descriptor.sh` script to `SpatialOS/scripts/` for generating a schema descriptor from the schemas. 

>   * Added a `utils.sh` script to `SpatialOS/scripts` for storing paths to workers, tools, schemas.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Added a `utils.sh` script to `SpatialOS/scripts` for storing paths to worker types, tools, and schemas.
```

  * Added a `build-project.sh` script to `SpatialOS/scripts/`. It calls other scripts to build the project.

>   * Removed `build.sh` and `clean.sh`.

Reviewer: Should we add "...from `SpatialOS/scripts/`", if that's where they were? (Because in the first bullet point you mention adding `build.sh, so we should probably be super clear where we've added it to/removed it from.)

Author: thanks for spotting that! changing...

Author: done

  * Moved `deployment.json` from `SpatialOS/` to `SpatialOS/launch_configs/`.

>   * Modified `*.csproj` in all worker folders so that all dependencies point to the files inside the worker dir.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Modified `*.csproj` in all worker type `src` folders so that all dependencies point to the files inside the worker directory.
```

>   * Flattened all worker folders into the top dir and modified `SpatialOS/spatialos.json` to reflect the changes to worker paths.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Flattened all worker type folders into the top directory and modified `SpatialOS/spatialos.json` to reflect the changes to these paths.
```
